---Planet Types---
Polluted: A land version of the Toxic planets, playing more towards the scorched planets along with Toxic elements. Lacks the deadbeats.

Tropical: A land version of the Ocean planets, a stormy area of lush landscapes, filled with palm trees and sandy shores. Populated by many Hylotl.

Frozen: A kind of planet predominantly made of ice, but in reality it's an ocean that is covered in a layer of ice. More like a moon than anything.


---Underground Biomes---
Industrial Caverns: Strange caverns of industry, built by those wishing to use the natural resources in the rocks for production.

Underground Foundry: A foundry built underground, abandoned by those who went above ground for the metallic trees.

Active Mines: A colony of Novakids decided to move into some abandoned mines to set up shop and prospect for rare resources.

Flooded Caverns: A cavern system absolutely filled with water, it still has the specifications for a cave, but the pockets are filled with water.

Shale Layer: A layer of nothing but hard rock, really hard to traverse, however you might find some strange ruins preserved under the layers of stone.

Wake of the Dream: A cavern system full of chutes and tight corridors, hard to traverse, dangerous as well. (?)

Obsidian Caverns: Incredibly dark caves full of strange ruins, the background and blocks are one with the darkness, making traversal tough.

Arboreal Caverns: Caverns covered in trees and plants, wood covers the walls and roots grow everywhere amongst the caverns. High in water.


---Underground Minibiomes---

Agate Cave: A section of a cave that is quite literally a giant geode, covered in crystals and sparkling stones.

Luminescent Caves: Glowing caves full of glowing rocks and plants.


---Hollow Caverns?: Caverns built more like 2nd surfaces than caves.---

Hollow Cavern: A large space filled with nothing but air and a hard surface below, the bottom is covered in pools of water. Hard to get down without help, and more open to danger.

Snowy Hollow: A large hollow cavern covered in ice and snow. Large amounts of snow come pouring down from the top of the cavern, covering everything in sight.

Subsurface Ocean: A cavern covered in water, it's constantly raining in the cavern, letting water from above pour down.